À propos de l’offre d’emploi

team.blue is an ecosystem of successful brands working together across regions to provide customers with everything they need to succeed online. 60+ successful brands make up the group; with a team of 2.700 experts serving its 3.3 million customers across Europe and beyond.

team.blue's brands are a mix of traditional hosting businesses, offering services from domain names, email, shared hosting, e-commerce and server hosting solutions and specialist SaaS providers offering adjacent products such as compliance, marketing tools and team collaboration products. This broad product offering makes it a one-stop partner for online businesses and entrepreneurs across Europe.

Position Overview

Join our business systems team at team.blue! We are looking for a PHP Developer to enhance and extend the applications that allow our customers to purchase and manage Team Blue products. This role offers an exciting opportunity to collaborate with a highly experienced and motivated team, while enhancing and extending your expertise.

Role And Responsibilities

Developing new features
 Work in a dynamic and challenging environment
 Ensure high-quality, maintainable code through testing, debugging, and problem-solving
Work in a cross-functional team, promoting effective teamwork and strong collaboration
Adhere to best practices, coding standards, and security requirements


Required Skills

4+ years of experience in software development, with a strong emphasis on Object Orientated PHP
 Experience in developing and delivering high-quality systems
 Understanding of object-oriented programming principles (OOP, OOD,


SOLID, DDD) and design patterns.

  Hands-on experience in writing unit, integration and end-to-end tests


preferably using PHPUnit

  Relational databases and SQL
 Good understanding of security and performance considerations
 RESTful Web Services
 Event-driven and domain-driven development
 Strong problem-solving skills and a proven ability to profile and debug


software systems

  Experience building software collaboratively using pull requests and code


reviews.

  Deep understanding of versioning control tools (git)
 Proficiency in English.


Nice To Have Skills

  Practical experience working in an Agile environment 
PHP Standards Recommendations (PSRs) 
Package Management 
Symfony framework 
Knowledge of service deployments using Docker containers and K8s is a welcomed addition 
Knowledge of Temporal or similar orchestration systems


Work setup & culture

