Contracts IT - IT Cloud / DevOps Project Manager (Agile / Waterfall)
An exciting opportunity for a truly global organisation based in Brussels, Belgium. They urgently need an IT Project Manager, ideally who has some experience around Cloud/DevOps domains, whilst managing various Software Development projects and more! Please share your CV & motivation for immediate consideration to Javaid - we are shortlisting for interviews now! See the description below.
 
 
Required experience & skills
 
Project management & IT expertise:
    3+ years of IT Project Management experience.
    Strong understanding of IT development and experience in an IT organization.
    Ability to manage multiple development projects simultaneously while tracking operational phases.
    Experience with Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Waterfall, CPM, and PMBOK methodologies, with the ability to select the best approach per project.
    Deep expertise in Agile principles (Scrum Master, Agile Coach).
Technical & reporting skills:
    Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Atlassian Suite (Jira & Confluence), and ServiceNow.
    Strong reporting skills, including dashboard creation and milestone tracking.
    Experience with project planning in fast-changing environments, including budgeting and resource management.
Soft skills & leadership:
    Proven ability to work in a multi-cultural, multi-functional environment.
    Customer and end-user focused mindset.
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills .
    Demonstrated leadership skills to motivate teams and drive deliverables.
    Strong analytical mindset, identifying information gaps and finding solutions.
    Ability to work both independently and in a team setting.
Preferred skills:
    Background in software development.
    Experience with MS Project or other GANTT software.
    Working experience in an international context and with remote teams.
    Data analysis skills to quantify performance and project results.
Languages:
    Fluent English (spoken & written).
    Dutch is a plus.
 
Please send your CV or call javaid to discuss further.
We are an equal opportunities employment agency and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation, or age.
We champion differences in technology recruitment and work with clients who actively wish to diversify their talent force - all applicants are welcome to apply.
Company 